The BM paper will be open internet, I think. Honestly, there isn’t much use in studying; even I hadn’t prepared that much. What really helps is understanding the kind of questions he might ask and preparing accordingly. It will be a long paper, around 3 hours, but you probably won’t finish it. I didn’t even complete half of it, as far as I remember.

The questions are usually theoretical but need to be explained using egs. Like - Explain XYZ with the help of an eg. He also expects references and citations in the paper...you have to write the link, page number, etc., which takes a lot of time. What helped me was preparing a list of unique brand egs in advance and taking that with me. I had also uploaded articles, slides, and the textbook on NotebookLM. When a question came, I first used it to understand the theory. For eg, if the concept was brand resonance, I would first understand the concept there and then I would look at my list of egs and see which one could fit. After selecting one, I would find supporting evidence online, such as an article discussing that example, and cite it.

The examples were the most helpful part, because it’s hard to think of good ones during the exam. Also, he doesn’t like common examples like Amul or Maggi, and some examples are explicitly banned, so you need to know which ones you cannot use. So I would strongly suggest taking a well-prepared list of examples.

Studying the concepts in depth beforehand isn’t very useful because you don’t know what he will ask. But take the textbook with you. The index or keyword list at the back can help...if NotebookLM doesn’t give you an answer, you can find where the keyword appears in the book, read that section to understand the concept, and then attach an eg.